>> Will Sentance: Let's do so, and
just note people you might be well, hey,
what do we look for in the population
when we run this new converter,
followed by the sigmoid function?
We look for a percentage that hopefully
is close to 100% and it's a smile and
close to 0% and it's not.
Okay, so, expanding our sample and
applying gradient descent,
small adjustments to weights improve
the conversion accuracy, but
actually we didn't manage
to find a perfect matching.
So instead,
we're running the output of those weights,
which was respectively 1, -1, -1, and 3.
Through our sigmoid function,
through our sigmoid function,
and
>> Will Sentance: Getting probably not
immediately a great outcome,
at least not for all of them.
But we're on a better path, because
now there's gonna be a value here and
a value here that will
get us close to 100%,
there was no 3 was never gonna be 1 and
1 was never gonna be 1.
So what do we think sigma 1 was roughly,
anyone remember, Jamie,
do you remember what it
roughly was sigma 1?
>> Jamie: 73.
>> Will Sentance: 73%,
it climbs fast, doesn't it, right,
which is quite good, is that 100%?
Nah, too far away, but we'll get there,
we'll get closer with our
next round of tweaks -1, anyone
remember this 1, it was the reverse?
>> Jamie: 27.
>> Will Sentance: 27%,
spot on, it's not close enough,
too far away, -1 again 27%,
too far away, this was quite good,
what's the output of 3 Joe,
do you roughly remember
what the output of 3 is?
>> Jamie: Is it 95?
>> Will Sentance: Yea, spot on 1 under
Joe exactly, so that 1 actually is
the only one that's roughly right, let's
just say these ones are also still not
close enough, that's the only one
that's actually roughly right.
So we've actually got accuracy
already of roughly 1 out of 4.
After one iteration of weight tweaks,
we get this output known as one iteration
of training using gradient descent.
Gradient descent is as we say, the ability
to tweak weights independently due
to partial differentiation
through calculus.
And then do it all at once and know that
that was the right direction to go towards
more accurate conversion for
this model, for this sample.
After one iteration,
even with our converter it's all right,
after 1 before we use
sigmoid it was really good,
it was 3 out of 4, but
we were never gonna get to 4 out of 4.
So we switch to applying sigmoid,
which took us back down to 1 out of 4, but
I promise you there's a route now to
get through this number going up.
This one going up, and
these two going down,
there's a route to get to 4 out of 4.
Joe, go ahead.
>> Joe: I was just curious, why did we
choose 2, is there a specific reason?
>> Will Sentance: Why did I
say 2 would be happy with?
Just because we haven't got 2 yet,
we haven't got those,
that's just I'm saying if this reached
less than -2, and this reach less than -2,
then the output will be somewhere below
>> Joe: 10%.
>> Will Sentance: 10%, and at that point-
>> Joe: And that's a [INAUDIBLE] sigma.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, exactly,
it's does at that point,
that's roughly good enough
within industry, you are roughly
happy getting a 90% conversion,
you might wanna go higher.
If you know it's not a smile,
then your output of your converter to be,
I don't know, 8%,
doesn't need to be 0 but 8%.
In fact of course in practice, you may
wanna have more like a -5 in there,
which would give you an output
of do you remember Joe?
-5 would be an output of about-
>> Joe: 1%
>> Will Sentance: About 1%, right,
that would be even better probably,
although maybe it gets too perfect for
the sample, and might be too suited to
the sample but not the overall population.
I'd be over fitted, but yeah,
I just know that by the time
the sum weight of these
pixels with these multipliers
comes to below -2,
right now it comes to, what was it?
Right now it comes to -1, right,
yeah, -1, right now comes -1,
by the time these weights have been
tweaked enough for it to come to -2,
then we know the output of
running it through sigmoid.
Will be less than 10% and I will be
roughly happy with the conversion through
that set of weights of this
element of the sample?
After 100, I get to look at my numbers,
these weights,
these multipliers give me
an output of not 1, -1,
-1 and 3 but 2,- 2.4, -2.3 and 5.2.
And that gives me sigmoid
adjusted really damn good,
we're gonna use them in a second.
But Joe, I could keep iterating and
steadily, steadily, steadily,
I'll be getting closer and
closer to 99.9% sorry,
99.9%, 0.01%, that's the trade-off.
I could keep tweaking, keep checking,
is it converting the sample a bit better?
And for a sample of 4 we could probably
try and get there more quickly, right?
We could work out,
just keep increasing these three,
keep decreasing these three until
they're really big numbers, and
we would end up with
a really good conversion.
But for more complex examples,
there's gonna be some cases where it's
tweaking this one keeps going up, and
it's always gonna make it better.
But this one if you tweak it down too far,
it starts to make it all worse.
And so for millions of these weights
which is maybe what we'd have sometimes,
you don't know which way to go for all of
them, does it continue that direction?
No, you need to each time
check all of them, okay, good,
that was the right step then, then again.
And you've got to run your whole
sample through all those weights and
make sure that it's better than it was
the last time, and then do it again, and
then do it again, and then do it again.
That is very compute costly,
very compute costly,
meaning part of the job of
machine learning engineer and
in this space is to go, do I want to keep
the iterations of this training going?
I might get closer but it's costing
me a lot of compute time and money.
But let's see these ones here, after 100
iterations our weights get close enough,
the average error now is only 7%,
that's pretty good.
We've got 1% off on one,
we're 9% off on that one,
we're 8% off on the second image,
we want 0%, 0% for our two respective.
If not smiles you want 100% for
our two smiles 89% and
99% that's pretty good.